-met up with group during time block to discuss assignments, design doc, and github assignment. (1hour 30 minutes)
-disscussed how to complete remaining design document and how to split the work up
-worked on design document (30 minutes)
-worked on github assignment (created subdirectory...etc.) (20 minutes)

Post springbreak
-discussed about who will submit the next gnatt chart update to moodle that was due on monday (march 24th, 2025)
-Talked about submitting the hardware list for Ashley to buy so we can get started on the software
-created this new sub directory for the assignment due on March 26, 2025

3/27/25 (45 minutes)
-talked about the front end and what we should have done soon.
-we are on timw with everything and on pace to finish what we need compared to the gnatt chart provided
-working on website since we don't have hardware available yet

3/28/25 (30 minutes)
-me and a couple of the group members went to see Ashley and ask questions about the hardware and a list of items she wants to keep track of
-we were able to get a majority of the hardware and can start working on more of the project
-small discussion about what to do next

4/6/25 (2 hour)
-figuring out what we need to do, we have a couple deadlines to make this week which includes, the Connect & Configure Hardware,
Database & Back End, we need to get more stuff for RAPS completed and we still need to do some implementation 
-worked on google slides by fixing the current ones and organizing them based on the design implemenation doc (need to finish this by tuesday)

4/8/25 (10 minutes)
-make sure everything is situated for the RAPS slide and submitted the slides
-Worried about presenation for myself but we got this, it seems the backend is almost finished

4/10/25 (1 hour)
-figure out who is saying what for RAPS
-problem with the hardware but we are figuing it out, might not be getting enough power, keeps looping itself
-talk about what we have done, the scanner taking the RFID and storing the imfomation, along with the signout screen
-draft for inviting user to RAPS and class presentation

4/11/25 (3 hours)
-RAPS presentation (2 hour ish)
-compared to how a lot of people talked about their project, it sounded like we were in a good spot in our group project progress. We do need to start figuring out the hardware soon but once we get that it is more smooth sailing
-RAPS pitch-off (30 min.)
-we were tied for 1st place in best in catagory
-RAPS awards (30 min.)
-no money won

4/17/25 (1 hour)
-run flask program for the admin (separate file) (SQL achemey, interacttive phyton library)
-we can finish the software before figuring out the hardware
-annotate the software
-new slides to show more of what we are doing with the demo for tuesday
-make maintence notes for the database when we are done for this project
-bugs for opening up new pages (browsers)

4/21/25 (2 hours)
-throughout the day we talked about getting the correct RFID scanner along with figure out what our module and type of ID card the school uses
-making sure everything is prepared for the class presentation with slide and a type of demo
-attempted to make a flask app for practice under the fold Flask practice for later use in the project
-made a practice flask app, had nick check on my progress

5/1/25 (2 hour and 30 minutes)
-heard we got the new RFID scanner and that the others are finishing up the hardware
-I feel like I need to help more and plan to before the deadline
-work on updating the design document in google docs to talk about updated features, and hardware we ended up using
-need someone to check over it to make sure I didn't miss anything and upload it to github resp
-created a new signout_mid.py to help with the feature that automatically signs a student out if they forgot
-created a pull request (I don't know if I implemented it correct)

5/2/25 (45 minutes)
-in google docs I made a new sub folder from the main folder containg the depolyment docs and the user docs. These documents will answer the question that Matthews brough up to put under manuels. I will create the outline and someone else can put it in the doc-timelog- code area
-finished the User doc for the Manuel doc area. Someone should check over it
